1. convert_grammar
The difficulty with this problem was getting used to OCaml and realizing that I
had to return a function. Beyond that, it was fairly straightforward recursing 
through the grammar structure of hw1 and changing the format. I was getting
weird function type for a while just because I wasn't used to thinking like an 
OCaml programmer. The implementation I went with was, to me, the most 
straightforward, and I don't see any problems with it other than possible 
inefficiency upon appending lists.

2. parse_prefix
This one presented much difficulty even in understanding what the function was
supposed to return, let alone coming up wiht an algorithm to solve it. After
drawing a sample grammar, labeling the different parts, and eventually (after
lots of reading & troubleshooting) tracing through an example parse_prefix on 
a simple grammar, I had some idea of a solution...

From discussion and example parse trees that were done in the textbook reading,
it was pretty clear I was going to expand derivations from the top down,
starting with the start symbol (the root of the parse tree)  and substituting 
using rules until finding a match or exhausting all rules. For this approach, 
a few functions/tasks would be needed:
- loop (well this is OCaml, so recurse) through rules from beginning to end
- check if terminals match with fragment elements, run acceptor on the suffix
- expand nonterminals that we encounter (again, recursively)

These were the main ideas I initially went in with. At first, I did not 
recognize exactly how these tasks would be separated between functions/match 
statements and also what other cases would come up that I would have to deal
with, so the implementation details came gradually as the written solution 
became more and more clear. Implementing the ideas in OCaml was also very
challenging, even if many of the syntactical features were presented at last
week's discussion.

I already had a pretty good idea of how to build a derivation from the
previous homework and lectures, so this was not too difficult to see. However,
the big problem I ran into was understanding how to build prefixes with 
successively more elements while only retaining the return value of the 
acceptor on the matched prefix and not all prefixes checked. It took a little
bit of discussion with friends working on the project as well to gain the
intuition that solved the problem which was that a matcher of a single element
could be strung with another one while passing the same acceptor by recursively
passing the previous acceptor value on each iteration.

The solution has one function (expand_nt) on the outside that iterates 
through rules, calls a function to check for matches, and builds 
derivations. match_item checks for matches between rules and grammar and
(the non-intuitive part) recursively calls itself when finding terminal matches
while passing the right acceptor value. It calls expand_nt if a nonterminal 
shows up so the parsing can continue downward.

Difficulties:
In short, there were very many, and they were related to both understanding
the problem and using OCaml to solve it. Here are a few.
- understanding how grammar, alternative list, derivation, fragment relate
to each other
- it wasn't entirely clear what the functionalities of matcher/acceptor were
and thus I had very little idea what I was supposed to return at first
- how to match prefixes of multiple elements?
- shared variables between functions... turns out this was pretty easy using
"let ... in"
- nesting function calls in OCaml was tricky, although defining local variables
with function values helped clean it up a bit
- knowing what parameters to call a function with so that it would give back
what I wanted. Definitely not as straightforward as in OOP

Weakness:
Because we're parsing left to right, a nonterminal cannot be substituted by
a set of symbols that begins with that nonterminal, or else the program 
infinitely recurses due to left recursion. This point was illustrated by TA 
Brett during discussion.
